people think you're a hater but people
have they're saying crazy things about
you and about Raja for calling you a
cult leader everyone who follows you is
a whatever it is a cult we encourage
people get healthy
we encourage you to ride bikes or
sustainable transport encourage people
to be transferred and help people and
shared tough love so in that aspect it
definitely is a cult I'm gonna deal with
two related with separate issues in this
video
both pertaining to Izzy and her
ex-boyfriend plant trionic pledge erotic
recently brought out a video condemning
Izzy Davis
I guess as politely as possible for the
fact she is now I'm making this video
not to hate on either of these two women
I'm actually not going to be talking
about Izzy at all it's just it's in the
same light why I think both Izzy and
Lexi after years of being vegans and
knowing about the ethical reasons why
they dropped veganism and started eating
animal products again and the title this
video states not merely that she's
stopped being vegan but that she never
really was vegan that to me conjures up
memories of the the old straightedge
movement is he just like me I struggled
with disordered eating and she felt that
it was really important in her recovery
to completely take any restriction out
of her lifestyle and eat animal products
once in a while
straightedges an ideology that has
nothing to do with veganism but a
significant number of voices and
veganism were involved with straightedge
before they joined the vegan movement
and significant whenever you're looking
at any political ideology not just to
examine the ideology and isolation not
just to think of a political identity
as a hat that someone picked out of the
department store and decided stop
wearing but to think of it in terms of
what it might be replacing what in their
mind it might be contrasted to indeed
what it might be liberating them from a
lot of the time we adopt one label we
adopt one political identity precisely
to enunciate what it is that were not
it's an act of Contra distinction to
give an example for my own life the
single most liberal Christian convert
ever met ie the most liberal person I
met who chose to convert to Christianity
was born in the religion was someone who
was instead born Muslim so for her
becoming Christian was a choice to
reject what was restrictive if you like
about Islam so even though it's the same
religion her version of Christianity or
what Christianity meant to her was much
much different than it would be for
someone who was say born Buddhist or
born and raised a theist and who made
the decision to convert to Christianity
from that position of perspective so in
this same way we have a lot of people
looking for different types of meaning
within the movement and with different
expectations what they're looking for
and what it is they want to
differentiate themselves from what is
they want to separate themselves from
when they had to choose to identify as
vegan or when they embrace some other
more specific identity within the
movement so was very strange for me to
see this particular reproach against as
he Davis not merely that she stopped
being vegan now but she never was my
main problem with Plantronics approach
here is that it is cowardly it makes me
sad when my friends think that they need
for their health to harm animals but
it's a free world and I guess you can do
whatever you want and the idea of
cowardice is the segue between two
topics posed in this video because he
responded to accusations of cowardice
many times in connection to durianrider
and my struggle with durianrider in
court in the past few days some of you
have called me and my girlfriend
cowards for not sticking up for
ourselves on behalf of the hateful and
unjust comments that durianrider made to
Izzy my girlfriend a few months back
it's cowardly that in this video
plant trionic name's izzy davis Oates
her for being an ex vegan but then
rather than criticizing is he davis he
states a disclaimer that he loves and
support whatever decision she made and
launches into a parallel critique of a
different thinking youtuber who is no
ekend it's a very strange frankly very
passive-aggressive way to lash out at
your ex-girlfriend for giving up on
veganism and as stated in this video
allegedly is he has somewhere on social
media publicly addressed this i googled
around i couldn't find anywhere i didn't
see anything on her youtube channel
that addressed the fact that she is now
ex vegan but he states that he has
license stuck with us publicly because
is he already has disclosed it in the
case of izzy by the way the reason i
don't feel bad saying any of this is is
he put out all this information on the
internet people looked up dizzy davis
and i don't think they looked up to her
because she was a scantily clad blonde
on youtube i think there were just so
many scantily clad women giving diet and
exercise advice that she would fade into
the background if that was the only
reason people had to pay attention to
her channel i think that with Izzie
davis there was the illusion or the
possibility that she was going to be a
significant leader in the vegan movement
in future
precisely because she was enrolled in
biochemistry at University of California
Berkeley
she made videos talking about her
studies how competitive and difficult
the university setting was and I don't
think it was unreasonable for people to
look to that channel and expect
something better expect something more
in future than what will be offered by I
don't know
the innumerable number of fitness and
beauty bloggers all over the internet
now within the vegan movement of course
her announcing that she's an ex vegan
instead makes it clear that what we can
expect henceforth is something much much
less plant trionic in his you know air
SATs criticism of her III do find it
very strange because he instead
criticizes this other youtuber after dis
claiming that he's not going to
criticize is he davis and the question
he he's sort of hinting at again again
is how can you make it out how can you
pretend that this is is too difficult
for you to accomplish given the other
challenges in your life that you are
overcoming and you know on a human face
to face level I have asked other people
in my life that same question including
sometimes professors co-workers friends
relatives or what have you
um whatever you know psychological
problems you may have whatever
gastronomic problems you have whatever
practical organizational problems you
may have in transitioning to a vegan
diet or sustaining a vegan diet because
in some cases it's not easy
I recognize the difficulties infinite
across-the-board if you're capable of
having your act together enough to get
into University of California Berkeley
to study for prepare for your exams your
essays to compete at that level if
intellectually you're at a high enough
caliber and again sorry I shouldn't even
say intellectually if you're just at
that level of self-discipline and a
rigger why would it be unsustainable for
you to consistently choose to buy soy
milk rather than the cow milk to buy
vegan ice cream rather than non vegan
ice cream to make the effort to beans
lentils broccoli you name it instead of
the non vegan alternatives and I wonder
- is there something comforting in
taking this identity away from a person
from claiming as he does
no justification I mean it it just
doesn't make sense to me that the fact
that you're not vegan now means that you
you never really work is there some kind
of comforting illusion there that
there's some something essential there's
something that marks us the vegans who
remain vegan as intrinsically
ineluctably different from the people
who try it and fail is it comforting
just to think that would never happen to
me that would never happen to someone
like me whatever misfortune or weakness
that's entails is something I can't find
in my own psychology something that's
that's wholly alien instead of maybe
looking at the circumstances that
brought us into veganism as really a
sort of happy accident and recognizing
that if we lived our lives in a slightly
different way we might have never heard
of veganism might have heard of it ten
years later or ten years earlier and we
might have very well had to drop out of
veganism for all kinds of practical
reasons if you've been following this
YouTube channel for a while you'll know
that one of my most successful videos of
all time is advice on how to take the
how to take the IQ test for Indian
military they have an intelligence test
where he's trying to get any military
and a lot of people have been sharing
the link to that video so there's quite
a few viewers now I did sign up to join
the Canadian military to fight against
Isis back when that was the war they
were fighting and if I had joined the
military at that time it would have led
to my doing very non vegan things I
think it probably would have at least
occasionally forced me to eat non vegan
food you can go go around I have some
some people managed to maintain a vegan
diet some of the time when they're on
active duty depends how active your
active duty is I suppose alright and now
the segue to the other topic of this
video to be honest with you was just
about an hour ago that I finally did
click on and take a look at what planter
Yorick had said about me and my past
/ ongoing conflict with Duran Ryder I've
got some comments literally got some
comments saying you are one of durian
riders victims
how could you support and now it's just
the triangle is getting more and more
corners the polygon is growing you got
durianrider you got freely you got this
isil guy you have the Hannah Chloe girl
who's now accused during Ryder of sexual
assault out himself there's so many
points of drama you probably there's a
99.9% chance there's probably a 100%
chance that if you think that you have a
opinion on this and you've like made a
comment oh I hate Jackson for those I
hate Izzie for this during writers a
terrible person there's no chance that
you know every single one of these
people personally you're just trusting
what they're saying on the internet
you're probably not qualified but if it
turns out that during Ryder totally made
up that information and simply called
this guy sexual predator because the guy
had criticized during Ryder in a
legitimate way in his videos then during
Ryder has almost no credibility and
makes up lies about other people to
destroy them just because they were
hating on durianrider that's the biggest
sign of narcissism and ego centrism ever
so but guess what there's only one
person on the planet that knows if
during ryder made the video claiming is
not a sexual predator simply because he
thought he was sexual predator or
because he was trying to just defame
this guy the only person that really
knows that answer is during Ryder
himself so everyone else speculating
anything is just speculation we can't
know what during Ryder's intentions were
all we can do is take it in from
everyone else's videos that's why the
whole thing that [ __ ] show and it's just
us talking on the internet but
essentially my stance which I think
hopefully everyone stances is that if
Darren Ryder was lying and
making accusations about someone simply
because he was criticizing during either
then during Ryder has no credibility in
my opinion and if during Ryder was doing
it because he felt that this guy was a
creep and he was trying to help others
and I appreciate and respect her either
for that so I know I've talked to him
online
now I'm gonna summarize this video you
know I think that she is a really funny
entertaining guy I enjoy clicking on his
videos but for now I don't know any of
this information so my opinion would be
I think that he's funny I makes me laugh
I like that he spreads the vegan message
and he's been nice to me he has not done
anything bad to me thus I am open to
continuing a relationship with this guy
what I see is so despicable in the
stance he adopted on this issue is
cowardice and it's ironic because in
these same videos what he is addressing
is apparently a complaint he received
from his audience that he was a coward
for not standing up to durianrider given
the during Ryder had insulted and
defamed him had insulted and defamed his
girlfriend is he and then he sat down
and was flattering towards and courted
Fame or support from during Ryder at the
first opportunity to do so
rather than standing up for I suppose
truth and justice I don't think any
name-calling personally and I believe
he's a good person
it's a peculiar fact that in framing my
situation with Durham Ryder planetary
otic explicitly and repeatedly states
that he knows from his own direct
experience that during Ryder lies that
he lies about unbelievable things
because in his own conflict with during
Ryder - Ryder lied about him - writer
lied about Izzy during writer made up
things at a thin air and lied about
things that he knew were lies because of
his direct connection to the situation
he knows he does I think used the word
crazy many times to refer to during
Ryder but he nevertheless comes to the
cowardly conclusion that he's going to
continue supporting during Ryder
and that it's somehow an open unsolved
mystery as to what extent during Ryder
was lying for his own convenience to
support his own side and to what extent
during rider was heroically standing the
telling the truth pardon me to what
extent your honor was heroically telling
the truth in standing up to me but the
last thing I'll address is the member
that is old drama where like essentially
during Ryder accuse this dude of being a
sexual predator and being a weirdo and
it turns out that the guy had a ton of
videos like criticizing during Ryder's
philosophy and claimed that he was a
sexual predator so let's let's just talk
about this issue if during Ryder
legitimately thought that this guy was
harming women and harming people in a
sexual manner and during Ryder made a
video exposing that you should 100% be
on during Ryder's side that's very
heroic to see someone doing injustice
and harming someone and then going out
publicly and making a video about it
absolutely but if it turns out that
during Ryder totally made up that
information and simply called this guy a
sexual predator because the guy had
criticized during Ryder in a legitimate
way in his videos then during Ryder has
almost no credibility and makes up lies
about other people to destroy them
basically I think his audience are
correct that he's been cowardly and you
know today I seem to have quite a
convivial relationship with vegan foot
soldier foot soldier was one of the
absolute last true believers in Durham
Ryder he lost his faith very very late
in the game
another guy the glucose network his his
real name is Abdullah Abdullah zeyneb
one of the last true believers lost his
faith late in the game and I believe
just yesterday vegan Ava vegan able be a
distant memory for most of you vegan Ava
just wrote to her today I got a very
brief reply from her vegan Ava finally
publicly stated that she lost faith and
durianrider
I already knew that she
add six or seven months ago I think she
says because at one point the video she
made indicted me pointing the finger of
me all disappeared from her channel it
feels it was about a year ago but I
forget one exactly she did that and when
she did that when I saw that she had
intentionally from her end deleted the
videos she made against me I thought ah
so she also has joined the list of
people who even though they were
personal friends with Durham Ryder knew
him face to face
trust him face to face at some point
they realized that everything to him
right it was telling them under this
heading was a lie and they started to
question how many the other things he
was saying were dishonest or reflected
by intentions I met plants trionic and
Ossie Davis face to face in Shanghai
that same fateful summer when during
Ryder threatened to have me killed
threatened have people beat me up so on
and so forth when all those when all
those things happened and as I recall we
sort of spoke to each other for like ten
seconds but then we were standing around
in the same room together for 15 minutes
it's not very memorable and honestly if
I found out that it wasn't them it was
just somebody else who looked like them
I'd shrugged my shoulders and it
wouldn't matter but it seemed to be the
the two of them it wouldn't take much
bravery to do the right thing for him at
these circumstances and if he had any
doubt cuz he disclaims that he doesn't
know which side is right it wouldn't
have taken any effort at all for him to
reach out to me send me an email
get in touch through one of ten
different forms of social media and he
could have verified you know any of the
facts the situation or the other side of
the story I made a video just the other
day asking a question why is it so hard
for a country like Canada or a country
like Japan to stand up and do the right
thing when there were human rights
abuses in Cambodia when democracy in
Cambodia is is falling apart now by the
same token I understand just how hard it
is for country like Canada to stand up
and object when there are human rights
abuses or corrupt elections in the
United States of America and that's not
pipe
in case you've forgotten the first time
that George Bush jr. George W Bush was
elected that was a corrupt election
absolutely no International Tribunal
will regard that as a legitimate
election and Canada could have put the
US flag at half-mast they could have
closed down their embassy they could
have in theory stood up and you know
walked out of the room and refused to
recognize the newly elected president
states because those were those were
corrupt elections that would be that
would have tremendous consequences for
Canada it would delos be very hard for
Japan to stand up against China but
there's something very sad about the
fact that none of these countries will
take a stand do the right thing even
when there is no risk even when there is
no cost even when it's just a matter of
standing up to Cambodia
neither economically nor politically is
there any cost or any threat to do the
right thing in Cambodia and none of
these countries have any interest in
doing that so likewise I have to say to
plant erotic and Izzy Davis is he Davis
who I then spoke to once later than that
I remember during a during a live stream
I remember I just asked her about the
fact situation she didn't want to answer
there's a there's a special kind of
cowardice involved when there's no risk
to yourself when it's so far past the
point when everyone has recognized the
truth on this even vegan Ava even vegan
foot soldier even angry vegan personal
friend Tara Meyers when everyone is has
figured out the truth when there's no
risk and there's no cost anymore and you
are still in your cowardly way pointing
the finger at me when there's there's
absolutely nothing
crazy low in carbs like that's crazy
look like I think between probably start
around 60 grams a day and drop it down
so that I'm technically by definition in
ketosis which is like 20 grams of carbs
a day so freakin everything I like has
carbs everything I eat and this is gonna
be different it's gonna be different
do it soon uh is it safe tension I got
no wow pink salmon wild king salmon can
Sardi's oh my god look at the bags
probably protein some fat in one
sentence of protein heavy grams of
protein zero grams of carbs